NPM doesn't stands for node package Manager
npm is a standard repositories for all the packages, and is used to manage the packages
we can create our own package using npm init.
it creates package.json of our own package in our folder
in this we have an important package called bundler
Bundlers:
A bundler is a tool that bundles our app, packages our app so
that it can be shipped to production.
Examples of Bundlers:
Webpack
Vite
Parcel
📢 NOTE: In create-react-app, the bundler used is webpack.
Bundlers are packages. If we want to use a package in our
code, we have to use a package manager.
We use a package manager known as npm or yarn

---

\*\*Configuring the Project:
npm init
It creates a package.json file.
Now to install parcel we will do:
npm install -D parcel
Now we will get a package-lock.json file.
Now we will get a package-lock.json file.

- package.json:
  Package.json file is a configuration for NPM. Whatever
  packages our project needs, we install those packages using
  npm install <packageName>.
  Igniting Our App! ( Namaste-React ) 4
  Once package installation is complete, their versions and
  configuration related information is stored as dependencies
  inside package.json file.
- package-lock.json:
  Package-lock.json locks the exact version of packages being
  used in the project.
  Q ) What is difference between package.json and
  package.lock.json?
  In package. json we have information about generic version
  of installed packages whereas in package.lock.json we have
  information about the specific or exact version of
  installed packages.
- node_modules:
  Which gets installed is like a database for the npm.
  Every dependency in node_module will have its package.json.
  Node modules are very heavy so we should always put this in git ignore.
  // "devDependencies": {
  "parcel": "^2.13.3"
  }//"parcel"
  Type: Key inside "devDependencies"
  Purpose: This refers to the parcel package, which is a zero-configuration bundler for web applications.
  Parcel is only needed for development (not production).
  Q) Why is it in "devDependencies"?
  It helps in development but is not needed when running the final app.
  "^2.13.3"
  Type: Versioning information

Symbol: ^ (Caret)

Q) What does ^ mean?

It allows updates to newer minor and patch versions but not major versions.

# 📢 NOTE: Never touch node_modules and package-lock.json

To ignite our app:
Igniting Our App! ( Namaste-React ) 5
npx parcel index.html
npx means ‘execute using npm’
index.html is the entry point

- Hot Module Replacement (HMR):
  It means that parcel will keep a track of all the files which you are updating.
  There is File Watcher Algorithm (written in C++). It keeps
  track of all the files which are changing realtime and it
  tells the server to reload.
  These are all done by PARCEL
- parcel-cache:
  Parcel caches code all the time.
  When we run the application, a build is created which takes
  some time in ms.
  If we make any code changes and save the application, another
  build will be triggered which might take even less time than
  the previous build.
  This reduction of time is due to parcel cache.
  Parcel immediately loads the code from the cache every time
  there is a subsequent build.
  On the very first build parcel creates a folder .parcelcache
  where it stores the caches in binary codeformat.
  Parcel gives faster build, faster developer experience because of caching.

* dist:
  It keeps the files minified for us.
  When bundler builds the app, the build goes into a folder
  called dist.
  The `/dist` folder contains the minimized and optimised
  version the source code.
  Along with the minified code, the /dist folder also comprises
  of all the compiled modules that may or may not be used with
  other systems.
  When we run command:
  npx parcel index.html
  This will create a faster development version of our project
  and serves it on the server.
  When I tell parcel to make a production build:
  npx parcel build index.html
  It creates a lot of things, minify your file.
  And the parcel will build all the production files to the dist folder.
